Added information about TS-SDK (#9489)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/sui-local-network.md

```

For more details, refer to [https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/tree/main/sdk/typescript#testing](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/tree/main/sdk/typescript#testing).

## Testing with the Sui TypeScript SDK

> The published Sui TypeScript SDK version might be behind the local network version. To make sure you're using the latest version of the SDK, use the `experimental`-tagged version (e.g., `0.0.0-experimental-20230317184920` ) in the [Current Tags section](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mysten/sui.js/v/0.0.0-experimental-20230127130009?activeTab=versions) of the Sui NPM registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The published Sui TypeScript SDK version might be behind the local network version. To make sure you're using the latest version of the SDK, use the `experimental`-tagged version (for example, `0.0.0-experimental-20230317184920`) in the [Current Tags](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mysten/sui.js/v/0.0.0-experimental-20230127130009?activeTab=versions)  section of the Sui NPM registry.
```
